README.md, before:

 # Trivia Game (Supernatural)
Week 5 Assignment of Bootcamp

https://amyhaerr.github.io/TriviaGame/

<img src="assets/images/supernatural.jpg">

## Objective: 
To create a trivia game on any subject using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and jQuery

## Instructions:

1. To start the game, the player clicks the start button.
2. The player will have 15 seconds to answer a question about the television show "Supernatural".
3. The player will have four answer choices in which to choose their answer from. The player may only pick one answer.
4. If the player chooses correctly, a screen will show congratulating them for choosing the correct answer.
5. After a seven seconds, the next question will appear without the user input.
6. Should the player run out of time, the display will change and display the correct answer with an image.
7. Should the player choose incorrectly, the player will be notified they selected the wrong option. The display will change and show the correct answer with an image.
8. After all seven questions, the player will be shown the number of correct answers, incorrect answers,and unanswered questions and an option to restart the game.


## Author and Acknowledgements:
 Author: Amy Haerr

 #### Collaborated with:
 1. John Pendergrass
 2. Kortnie Heidel

Commit message:

add technical aspects to readme file

README.md, after:

 # Trivia Game (Supernatural)
Week 5 Assignment of Bootcamp

https://amyhaerr.github.io/TriviaGame/

<img src="assets/images/supernatural.jpg">

## Objective: 
To create a trivia game on any subject using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and jQuery

## Instructions:

1. To start the game, the player clicks the start button.
2. The player will have 15 seconds to answer a question about the television show "Supernatural".
3. The player will have four answer choices in which to choose their answer from. The player may only pick one answer.
4. If the player chooses correctly, a screen will show congratulating them for choosing the correct answer.
5. After a seven seconds, the next question will appear without the user input.
6. Should the player run out of time, the display will change and display the correct answer with an image.
7. Should the player choose incorrectly, the player will be notified they selected the wrong option. The display will change and show the correct answer with an image.
8. After all seven questions, the player will be shown the number of correct answers, incorrect answers,and unanswered questions and an option to restart the game.


## Technical Aspects:

1. Description of Problem:
    - To make a timed trivia game based on the subject of your choice using JavaScript and jQuery.
2. How it was solved:
    - After countless hours of research, reviews of previous activities, study groups, tutor support, and TA support, I arrived at a working trivia game.
    - It also required a lot of trial and error to get the timing right on answering the question, showing the answer, and finally tallying up a score.

## Author and Acknowledgements:
 Author: Amy Haerr

 #### Collaborated with:
 1. John Pendergrass
 2. Kortnie Heidel
